1. ALL BLACKS CAN SUMMON THE GANGSTA

Try to imagine hearing an old-money aristocrat on the Upper West Side say:
“I can get redneck if I have to. I’ll go up yonder holler and tan that old
bastard’s hide.” Upper-class white people don’t have a connection with the
lower orders. They don’t even understand them. If Brooke Astor had ever met
Eminem, the entire conversation would have been a sea of pardon mes.

No matter how posh an American black is, on the other hand, he can summon
the ghetto version of himself at the drop of a hat. This is because even if
he didn’t come from that world, he has a cousin who does. No matter how rich
a black American is, he likely has a crackhead relative who abandoned her
kids and it’s now his business. When this Ivy League CEO has to deal with
the babies’ daddy, he goes from “Good day to you, sir” to “Listen,
motherfucker, don’t think I won’t eat your food.” (“Eat your food” means
“cut your face.”)


2. BLACKS AIN’T DOWN WITH THE GAYS

This is a bitter pill to swallow for liberals so they put it in the plant
and tell the doctor they took it. During a Trayvon demonstration, a white
hippie got on a megaphone and said he was sick of the oppression of
minorities such as African-Americans and the LGBT community. A stocky black
woman then grabbed the megaphone and informed him that the issue at hand was
“not no gay shit! None of that!”

Democrats would have loved to blame California’s Proposition 8 brouhaha on
Christian whites, but they were only half right. When they found out the
Christians opposing gay marriage were black, they decided to move on to
other topics. Blacks are more Christian than whites, especially when it
comes to seeing homosexuality as a sin. For the left, this is so sad, it’s
like seeing your two favorite pets fight. Actually, it’s not like that. It
is that.

The reason why is hard to grasp for the left, because it comes from another
planet, a black planet. Due to higher incarceration rates, more blacks per
capita have experienced prison life than whites. There is a lot of voluntary
gayness that goes on in there because there are no vaginas. This culture
bleeds out of the prison system and into the hood so often, there’s a name
for it: the down low. When blacks say “Will you stop doing that faggot
shit?” they’re not talking about Adam and Steve making sweet, oral love on
their wedding night. They’re talking about Raquan getting a blow job in an
alley from Jerrick because they’re both high.


3. BLACKS DON’T LIKE THEIR FANS

White liberal men are the kind of guys who think they’re enlightened if they
don’t filter out porn that includes black men fucking white women. They want
to tell black men they do this but black men are not impressed. It’s a favor
they didn’t ask for. This is the white liberal black experience in a
nutshell.

The majority of black Americans would rather have a beer with an Archie
Bunker type who talks about the dangers of “negro neighborhoods” (which he
lives right next to) than the Gawker blogger who keeps whining about
“crackers” and annoying “white men” like his own father. Blacks don’t
appreciate the ethnomasochism of whites. They think it’s on some bitch shit.


4. THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS SELLING OUT IN BLACK AMERICA

If a broke white comedian appears briefly in a commercial for motor oil he
becomes a pariah. The more esoteric the art form, the more verboten it is to
profit from it. Punk rockers are barely allowed to have enough money to eat.

Rappers have the opposite set of rules. If you’re in NWA and you want to do
a commercial for malt liquor, you are “getting yours.” There appear to be no
boundaries whatsoever with this phenomenon. I’ve even seen a Coke commercial
where the rapper Common sings about how pathetic it is when people sell out.
The lack of self-awareness in this ad is a perfect example of how totally
oblivious black entertainers are to the concept of selling out.


5. DOMESTIC VIOLENCE IS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS

Whites across the political spectrum see beating a woman as one step down
from murder. Blacks hate it too but they prefer to keep the whole thing
in-house. If a white celebrity was caught hitting his wife, the couple would
split and we’d never hear from him again. Maybe it’s because so many blacks
have been sent to jail for domestic violence—one prison guard in Queens told
me about a third are in there for “domestics”—but they don’t see getting the
authorities involved as beneficial for anyone.

When Rihanna was beaten to a pulp by Chris Brown, black America remained
relatively silent while whites wouldn’t shut up about it. She posted a
picture of her face and we couldn’t believe our eyes. Black America got over
it and Rihanna herself was seen canoodling with Brown a short time later.
This left whites in the awkward position of being angry with the victim.
Blacks don’t need allies like that.

Recently, Ray Rice delivered a knockout punch to his wife-to-be. Whites
reacted with an onslaught of hatred and assumed his wife (they married
anyway) would be on board. She wasn’t. In fact, she wished everyone would
just mind they own damn business. White America kept pushing until Rice was
let go and both Rices were out of a future. When Rice’s wife got even
angrier, the liberal left lashed out at her the same way they did with
Rihanna. Some kept digging until they could find someone white to blame.
Keith Olbermann focused his hate on the NFL commissioner.

6. BLACKS DON’T CALL 911

Why bother? As Flavor Flav said, “911 is a joke.” Possibly for the same
reasons they prefer to handle domestic violence themselves, they prefer
almost all crimes to be taken care of by the community. You’d think they
were living on the Rez, or under a cooler version of sharia law. If a fight
breaks out in the projects, they are more likely to yell downstairs for
their cousins than call the cops.

If an old lady gets mugged, her grandson will handle it. However, if a store
gets robbed, especially a chain that probably has nonblack owners, well,
then “snitches get stitches.” A few years ago in Harlem, some black
employees chased down a shoplifter and held him until the cops came. The
locals were furious and kept trying to pry the thief from the good guys
while screaming, “It’s not your store! Why do you care?”


7. THE LADIES LIKE BEING CATCALLED

Perhaps the most glaring example of rich white liberals not understanding
black culture was the recent catcalling controversy. White girls don’t like
it when black guys appreciate their bodies so they assumed all women were on
the same page. I was surprised too when I first moved to New York and saw
blacks, Hispanics, and working-class whites, strutting forward with beaming
pride after getting catcalled and even hollering back, “Thanks, baby.” These
men aren’t groping themselves and hurling disgusting fantasies at women,
they are appreciating them. Being a man with a healthy libido who adores
girls and wants them to know it is tantamount to being a rapist for liberals
today and the rest of us think they’re nuts, especially blacks.

In poor urban areas, apartments are too cramped to stay indoors all day.
People end up treating the street like it’s their living room, smoking
joints in the car and reading the newspaper on the stoop. It’s also loud, so
you get louder. When the most beautiful woman you’ve ever seen walks through
your makeshift living room, you feel compelled to call out, “Oh, my God. You
are perfect!” The women who live in these areas know where it’s coming from.
They realize they are being put on a pedestal, not dragged into an alley. I
suspect white women feel it too, deep down, and will be even more indignant
the day they become too old to get catcalled.


8. HAIRCUTS TAKE FOREVER

If you don’t know what it takes to make black women’s hair look like
not-black women’s hair, I highly recommend the Chris Rock documentary Good
Hair. Basically, long hair is purchased from poor Asian and Indian women and
then stitched into a black women’s afro for thousands of dollars.

What even fewer whites know about is the black male barbershop experience,
especially in the South. These guys will be in there all day. They’ll get
there about five hours early, and after waiting through two-hour haircut
after two-hour haircut they’ll get in the chair and spend at least an hour
having their own hair cut. The weird thing is, to the white eye, their hair
was already cut down to almost nothing and in perfect shape. The truth is,
it has nothing to do with getting a haircut and the whole ritual is about
shooting the shit with the guys in a bitch-free zone.


9. BLACKS ARE PAROCHIAL

To outsiders, blacks seem to be a remarkably conformist culture where all
kids dress exactly the same. White teenagers might be goths or cowboys or
preppies or nerds, whereas black kids seem to all share the same personal
stylist.

This is not the case. There are many differences once you look closer. In
Harlem the pants have always been tighter than the pants in Brooklyn. Harlem
blacks and Brooklyn blacks don’t “get” each other. Harlem young people
always have a hustle. They are working on a T-shirt brand or a venue or
their friend is selling stolen bicycles. Whatever is going on, it involves
turning a profit and then moving on to the next project. In the projects of
Brooklyn, there isn’t much of anything going on. Harlem blacks see Brooklyn
blacks as lazy criminals devoid of ambition and Brooklyn blacks see Harlem
blacks as a bunch of pussies.


10. THE BLACK GLASS IS HALF FULL

Being a pet isn’t that different from being a slave. After decades of being
jewelry the Democrats wear to local fund rallies, black morale is relatively
low. To justify big government programs, the left has told them again and
again that life is hell and there’s no sense trying. Blacks are told they
will not succeed on their own and they need the nanny state to nurture them.
When someone makes it out of the ghetto, the left says it’s a very rare
exception that can’t last.

This instills in the black working class a sense of pessimism, telling them
that even if things seem to be going great for the moment, Whitey must be
about to smash them down again. This is mass mental abuse and it should be a
crime, but instead it’s the norm. Personally, I’m an optimist and I don’t
think the liberal brainwashing can continue. Blacks are on the cusp of
realizing they’re getting played. But I can afford to think like that. I’m
white.
